- Hello! My name is Alexey Bolotin. When I was still in school I was very interested in programming. Back then computers were'nt comparable to today's computers. We recorded programs on a tape recorder. Instead of monitors we had black and white TV sets. We wrote code in Fortran, Basic, and Pascal. At that time I wrote some simple games and programs. I took part in computer science olympiads and even passed to the republican level.
- After school I entered Samarkand State University at the faculty of physics, and worked as a lab technician in a computer center. I taught people computer literacy: namely to work with MS-DOS, text editor and spreadsheet. After a year of study, I transferred to Kirovograd Institute of Agricultural Engineering on the specialty of engineer-system technician. Unfortunately at that time could not find work in programming. I worked as an electrical engineer.
- In 2020 I accidentally found out about a free computer school Sh++. I successfully passed the entrance test and plunged into programming again. The training was conducted in JAVA. We started with the simplest and by the end of the course in three months coded already quite complicated things. Such as Hoffman's archiver-unarchiver or my own realization of data structures: arrayList, hash tables, trees and so on.
- It's a wonderful time. It was like I woke up from a long sleep. After that I went to the frontend development training. The program was very fast paced. JS was unusual. After strictly typed JAVA, JS was very unpredictable on the one hand, but on the other hand you could write elegant code. The framework we studied was Vue.JS. I liked it because I thought it was quite convenient to have both logic and HTML and CSS in one file.
- But I never found a job in IT, so 3 years ago I had to go to Poland to work as an electrician. But the desire to enter to IT has not left. Along with my work I finished GoIt course on fullstack developer, creating several pet and team projects, in one of which I was a teamleader. GoIt strengthened my skills in CSS, HTML and JS, as well as gave me the opportunity to learn React and Node.js. One pet and one team project were written on them.
- In addition to GoIt, I spent a year at the local post-secondary school Cosinus to get a Polish diploma in computer science. I passed the exam with almost the maximum number of points. In addition to HTML, CSS and JS in Cosinus I learned a little bit about PHP, at the level to manage databases and a pretty good knowledge of SQL.
- Less than a year ago, I found out about RSS School on LinkedIn. Since I couldn't find a job, I continued my studies. I finished stage zero without losing a single point.
- I really like the atmosphere of the school. Especially the Stanford system where students learn from each other. **_I hope to find a team that won't be afraid to take an older outside but young inside junior-developer._**
